c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\SheduleEF.exe.config
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\SheduleEF.exe
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\SheduleEF.pdb
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Main.resources
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TeacherAdd.resources
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.exe
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.pdb
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Auditor.resources
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.DisciplineAdd.resources
c:\users\shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.GroupAdd.resources
C:\Users\Shadaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAdd.resources
C:\Users\Shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAddStudent.resources
C:\Users\Shadaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAddTeacher.resources
C:\Users\Shadaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAddAud.resources
C:\Users\Shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
C:\Users\Shadaw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EPPlus.xml
C:\Users\Shadaw\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Admin.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\SheduleEF.exe.config
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.exe
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.pdb
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\SheduleEF.exe
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\SheduleEF.pdb
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\EPPlus.xml
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Admin.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Auditor.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.DisciplineAdd.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.GroupAdd.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Main.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAddAud.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAddTeacher.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAddStudent.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TascAdd.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.TeacherAdd.resources
C:\Schedule\SheduleEF\SheduleEF\obj\Debug\SheduleEF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
